To protect your users from the most basic malicious actions from third parties, you need to protect
them from the Ceaser F attack, the cross site request forgery.
Let's take a look at this example scenario where the perpetrator takes over one of your users account
by forging passwords, change requests, the unsuspecting user might get a forced email urging him to
click a link.
The email does not have to say anything about the password change, it could pretend to be a newsletter
sent from your website, anything that would make you click the link.
The user clicks the link and it leads to a malicious website that immediately sends a form with the
new password to the real website.
Your URL, if your website would not be seen as a protected and the user will be authenticated, your
website would safely assume the request is real and will change the user password.
Well, it's just an example, but that's how she Assaraf, attacks work in general.
Now, how do you prevent such attacks?
You've seen it already.
Laravel returns the 419 error when it thinks your website might be attacked.
So how it all works in Laravel.
Well, with every forum on your website, you should generate R, C, SRF Tokin, that's a unique token
sent with your forums.
You can generate one using their seats.
Şeref Blade Directive.
It is being added as a hidden form field, the token is also stored in your session.
The route that is responsible for the form submittal handling checks, if the toxin was sent and then
if it matches the one that was generated for the form page.
Well, Laravel does that automatically for every route that uses that post, put potch or delete HTP
verbs, and it happens in the very fine Ceaser F Tolkan Meter, where you already know how middleware
works.
It is the code executed before route's or after route's.
So this is something to remember.
Don't ever create actions that save, modify or delete data on behalf of the user using the get htp
verb, that's the easiest way to get hacked.
Finally, let's try submitting the form again.
But before that, let's ask, did call with the request in the store method to see if we can reach this
route correctly when sending the form.
Don't forget to save this change.
Now go to the form page and make sure you refresh it.
You can open the inspector.
And take a look at the forum.
What we are looking for is this hidden field with the CSA ref tokin that is now automatically added
to your form.
Now, let's try to add some data.
Press create to submit it, and there it is, we correctly reached the proper URL and dumped some data,
at least this works now and you are seeing SRF protected.